Ism, for people like you who remember,
Be responsible for the clothes you wear throughout your life,
Neither of them is noble, you know?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I really am no longer a negative person.
Will it be resolved if you go and apologize?
You and the others have to accompany you on this kind of thing.
How much does this kind of companionship cost? I don’t have the resources,
Just pay the original price, this is an international residence.
Give me one hundred thousand? What?
For ten thousand, I can make you spend a lot of money on wasted trade.
What? Are you still thinking about it?
Young and healthy
There are so many in my wolf
Where did you talk about it at that time?
I'll give you a clean death
Let me just forget about it.
I'll beat you to death